Pub 2366 dvp rtd provider (#1)
zentrick/Prebid.js: modules/dvpsRtdProvider.md

> The purpose of this Real Time Data Provider is to allow publishers to set DVPS targeting on ad units.

Author: done

**Usage for Publishers:**

> Compile the DVPS Provider into your Prebid build:

Author: done

> `gulp build --modules=dvpsRtdProvider`

Reviewer: I'd make this a `<pre>` block, so with three backticks instead of one. Single backticks are for inline code.

> Add DVPS real time data provider configuration by setting up a Prebid Config:

Author: done

```javascript
pbjs.setConfig({
  ...,
  realTimeData: {
    dataProviders: [
      {
        name: "dvps",
        params: {
          ctx: "test_publisher_id",
          cmp: "test_tag_id",
          signals: ["ids", "bsc", "vlp", "tvp"],
        }
      }
    ]
  }
});
```

where:

> - `ctx` (required) - ID associated with the publisher
> - `cmp` (required) - Tag ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ctx` (required) - ID associated with the publisher.
- `cmp` (required) - Tag ID.
```

- `signals` (optional) - Array of signal names. Possible values are: `"ids"`, `"bsc"`, `"vlp"`, `"tvp"`. By default all signals available to the publisher are requested.

**Example:**

To view an example:

> - in your cli run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- in your CLI, run:
```

> `gulp serve --modules=dvpsRtdProvider,appnexusBidAdapter,rubiconBidAdapter,trustxBidAdapter`

Reviewer: I'd make this a `<pre>` block, so with three backticks instead of one. Single backticks are for inline code.

Also, you probably want to indent every line with four spaces, because it's part of the bullet list.

> Your could also use any other bid adapters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also use any other bid adapters.
```

(Note the four spaces too.)

- in your browser, navigate to:

> `http://localhost:9999/integrationExamples/gpt/dvpsRtdProvider_example.html`

Reviewer: - Does this need to be in backticks?
- Indent with four spaces again.
